You dare to touch my father, try it
I'll take him to the hospital
You clearly want to kill
My father was bullied like this by you
Must lose money
If you don't pay
I will bury my father in your store
Bridge, let me say
This whole thing is your fault
Don't say it.
You're always looking for trouble
I advise you.
Child, hurry up and lose money, lose money
You think beautifully
bridge
How dare you lie in front of everyone?
That's right, there are so many witnesses here today.
It's you who killed Lao Deng
Aren't you bullying honest people?
The boy should be conscientious
You go to jail if you're pissed off
Everyone gets old
You will also grow old
What would you do if he were your dad?
The right path in the world is vicissitudes of life
Be low-key, don't be arrogant
I am Chinese today
I'm going to fry a pot for this old man
Come on, let's shout with me
lose money lose money lose money
Fight your head
I'll tell you what.
It's no use shouting here
I won't pay
What's the use of your moral kidnapping?
One, two, two.
I didn't do it. I didn't do it.
It was the old man who brought the counterfeit to touch the porcelain
If you want to pay, he should pay.
How dare you frame us
I will fight with you
Hahaha Guan Gong stepped on the horse and fought Changhong
Since ancient times, people have been poor but not cowardly
Guys, I can't let a store like this exist
It is. It is.
He emptied all the gas stations in his store
Okay, drag it out. Okay.
Why do you stink?
Don't touch my stuff. What are you doing?